{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27180\viewh25100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <How Enboarder Works>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <Background Info>
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \cf0 Enboarder is a B2B SaaS vendor. We make workflow software that is typically purchased by
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Human Resources.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Enboarder is a time-based workflow engine that has been designed to create consistent
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 experiences for employees. Enboarder is typically purchased by HR professionals to automate
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 employee journeys such as:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Onboarding
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Offboarding
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Learning journeys
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Promotions
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Internal moves
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Parental leave
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 And other journeys that need to be standardised and automated.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 </Background Info>
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \cf0 Enboarder\'92s workflow\'92s are constructed of the following elements:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  A timeline that runs from left to right.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  A key date.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Sequences that contain notifications and numerous modules.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  A set of modules that each have specific functionality.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Stakeholders that interact with the workflows
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 <The Key Date>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Somewhere along the timeline is a key date. Examples of a key date can be:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  An employee's start date
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  An employee's last day
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  The date an employee starts a learning journey
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  The date that an employee changes role, department or office.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 There can only be one key date per workflow.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Every workflow must have a key date.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 </The Key Date>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 <Sequences>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 A Sequence is like a virtual container that can hold multiple modules and is connected to the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 timeline.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 A Sequence is usually defined by the following attributes:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  The name of the sequence - usually a descriptive title that explains the purpose of the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 sequence.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  When it occurs (indexed to the key date)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Which stakeholder it is designed for (eg: new employee, hiring manager, buddy etc.)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 A sequence occurs at a point in time that is indexed to the key date. Here are some examples:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Sequence 1 occurs - 28 days from the key date (this means it occurs 28 days before the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 key date)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Sequence 2 occurs +10 days from the key date, this means it occurs 10 days after the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 key date.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \uc0\u9679  Sequence 3 occurs 0 days from the key date, this means it occurs on the key date.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 </Sequences>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 <Modules>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Enboarder has 12 modules that all do specific things. Here is a summary of the modules in
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Enboarder.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 1. Content Module: The most popular module. It allows you to present content to the user
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 which may include text, images, videos etc.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 2. Communication Module: This allows one stakeholder to easily communicate with another
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 stakeholder. Example The communication module can encourage a hiring manager to
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 send a welcome text message or email to a new employee. It makes it easy by
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 presenting pre-filled templates and including all of the communication information (such
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 as mobile phone number, email address etc.)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 3. Event Module: This lets you create iCal events that can go into stakeholders' calendars.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 An example would be creating an event for a Direct Manager so that it sends a calendar
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 event reminding them of a new employees\'92 start date.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 4. Embed Module: This lets you embed content that lives outside Enboarder into a
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 workflow. Examples include: Embedding content from a 3rd party LMS into the workflow
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 or embedding content created by rich media tools like Adobe Spark.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 5. Form Module: This allows you to create and build forms to collect structured and
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 unstructured information including:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Text fields (long and short)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Rating scales
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Multiple choice
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Tick box
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 File uploads
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 6. Acknowledge Module: This is often used for compliance purposes when you need a
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 stakehbolder to explicitly acknowledge something. An example might be a new
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 employee reading a company policy on sexual harassment and then acknowledging that
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 they have read it and that they understand it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 7. Video Module: This allows a stakeholder to turn on their camera on their device and
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 record a video. Questions can be included to create a virtual interview. An example of
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 how this module is used is for a new employee to record a video and answer a few
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 questions about themselves that gets sent to their manager and team mates to create a
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 virtual introduction and build connections.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 8. E-Sign module: We have integrations with 3rd party e-sign vendors like DocuSign and
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 Adobe Sign so that we can launch document signing and populate these forms with
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 information that we have. An example of when this module would be used would be
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 populating a confidentiality agreement for a new employee to sign and launching the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 signing process with the 3rd party via their API.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 9. Webhook module: This allows us to send information to 3rd party systems using
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 webhooks. We can package up any of the information that we have about one or more
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 stakeholders into a JSon payload and pass it to a 3rd party API.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 10. Send Email module: This allows us to package up information that we have about one or
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 more stakeholders into an email and send it to a 3rd party. An example of how this
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 module may be used is to create an email with new hire details and send it to an
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 employee in payroll who manually enters their details into a payroll system.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 11. Update Value module: This allows us to update variables in the system with other
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 variables. An example of this might be to update the information stored in an employee
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 profile with new information captured in by a form field.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 12. Logic Module: This allows us to create logic within a workflow. It typically allows us to
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 process boolean arguments. If a condition is met, then take a certain action. These
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 actions could include any of the modules described above.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 An example might include:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 If the newhires department=\'94Engineering\'94 then show them content module A, but if their
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 department=\'94sales\'94, then show them content module B.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11333 </Modules>
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 </How Enboarder Works>
\f1\fs24 \
}